SANCTIONS AND ACTIONS AFFECTING LICENSURE (FY 2025)
ANDERS, Joel William – Commission Reprimand on August 30, 2024, for failing to safekeep
funds in an attorney trust account and disbursing funds from an attorney trust account when the
disbursement created a negative balance with respect to an individual client matter or all client
matters in the aggregate. The Respondent failed to deposit his client's unearned retainer payments
into an attorney trust account and failed to maintain the required trust account ledgers and monthly
reconciliations.
BAUM, Matthew Adam – Temporary Suspension on February 21, 2025, effective immediately,
pending further Order from the Supreme Court of Maryland.
DAVIS, Philip Allen – Suspension by Consent for 150 days on January 27, 2025, effective
immediately, for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on his honesty, trustworthiness,
or fitness as an attorney. The Respondent pled guilty to one count of stalking.
ELAN, Evan Stuart – Disbarment by Consent on November 25, 2024, effective immediately, in a
reciprocal action from Virginia and the District of Columbia, for failing to represent his clients
competently and diligently. The Respondent abandoned representation of multiple clients.
GALLAGHER, Michele Yvonne – Indefinite Suspension by Consent on September 23, 2024,
effective immediately, with reinstatement conditioned on the satisfactory report of a healthcare
professional.
GLENN, IV, Robert Edwin – Disbarment by Consent on July 29, 2024, effective immediately, in
a reciprocal action from West Virginia, Virginia, and the District of Columbia, for engaging in
conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation.
HARDY, II, James Roger – Suspension by Consent for 120 days on July 25, 2024, effective nunc
pro tunc to October 25, 2022, in a reciprocal action from Connecticut.
JOHNSON, Bruce Allen, Jr. – Disbarred on January 27, 2025, effective immediately, in a
reciprocal action from the District of Columbia, for failing to safekeep funds in an attorney trust
account.
KURLAND, Sari Karson – Disbarment by Consent on May 21, 2025, effective immediately, for
failing to maintain candor to a tribunal and engaging in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud,
deceit, or misrepresentation.
STROUD, Barron LeGrant Jr. – Temporary Suspension on February 21, 2025, effective
immediately, following referrals from the Child Support Administration regarding delinquent
child support obligations.
SMITH, John A. – Suspended on 6/30/2020, for violations of professional conduct rules.
